Additional Ruby examples #2 (#408)
mollie/api-documentation: source/reference/v2/shipments-api/create-shipment.rst

      # or when no tracking is specified:
      shipment = order.create_shipment()

   .. code-block:: ruby
      :linenos:

      require 'mollie-api-ruby'

      Mollie::Client.configure do |config|
        config.api_key = 'test_dHar4XY7LxsDOtmnkVtjNVWXLSlXsM'
      end

      shipment = Mollie::Order::Shipment.create(
        order_id: 'ord_kEn1PlbGa',
        lines: [
          {
            id: 'odl_dgtxyl',

>             quantity: 1 # you can set the quantity if not all is shipped at once

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            quantity: 1 # Ship one item from this order line
```

          },
          {

>             id: 'odl_jp31jz' # assume all is shipped if no quantity is specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            id: 'odl_jp31jz' # Ship every item in this order line, as quantity is not specified
```
